XT1710-02: Good. How are you doing,
XT1710-02: Today's not my best day or this week is not my best week but it is what it is. How are you, oh well, everything I my job on Friday and I lost it deserving Lee, to be honest. But I did was nothing I could do about the situation. I just this. This was inevitable, to some extent.
XT1710-02: I really love my job and I really loved my boss and I worked my ass off. I mean, Mike performance was not simply flawless but it was like 150%
XT1710-02: And my boss. It was a very good friend of mine, and he just I did everything for him and he just told me in the worst possible way at the worst possible time
XT1710-02: That he was implementing up his wife's personal business into the spa man that she was just going to. And by the way, I love the woman I had no problems with his wife.
XT1710-02: Just the way he stuck her in and the way it just
XT1710-02: It took me so long it took me two years to literally to the day that he told me that this is happening, which was Thursday of not last week, but the week before
XT1710-02: It took me two years to that Thursday to get it to get the spot exactly how I meant for it to be, how I was hired to make it the last step was hiring.
XT1710-02: The fourth qualified aesthetician and we finally on Thursday morning hired perfect person for this and there's the afternoon. Just the way he told me, and he told me how soon. It was going to be
XT1710-02: And I just at first I was really upset, but I was at least like able to talk like a normal person.
XT1710-02: And then I worked even like Friday, Saturday, and Sunday Monday is my official day off. I didn't go to work at all. Sometimes they stop in and then Tuesday last week I came in and she just she shouldn't have done this, but she just destroyed the room that he was giving her
XT1710-02: And I didn't get i don't know i really i was just, I couldn't handle it. And then she threw she didn't mean to, but she just disrespected like everything
XT1710-02: She threw like the facial towels that we use for for clients faces on to our dining room table next to a burrito. It was just, it was just like, I just felt violated.
XT1710-02: And I had a horrible, horrible panic attack and I had to leave for two hours, and I couldn't even go in. Well, I just couldn't even be there. And my boss got really upset at me because he felt that I was not being a good friend, because we've always been friends, but I felt like
XT1710-02: If he were being a good friend, he should have told me, way ahead because he's known me for so long, and he knows that having like, you know, a rug pulled out from under my feet, especially about something that important as the spa.
XT1710-02: It wouldn't have gotten well and then the thing is that the changes that he implemented, there was going to be so much supervision on my part.
XT1710-02: In and now we just hired this third person. I haven't even like worked her into the like the the swing of things.
XT1710-02: So in addition to this, I have to supervise myself and to more people and not just supervise but we would have to rotate rooms, because we would be out a room and just just a sheer thought of this
XT1710-02: threw me into a frickin frenzy. I couldn't even I couldn't even right now. I still, even if he would have called me right now and offered me my job back. I wouldn't be able to handle it.
XT1710-02: And I just so I finally thought I got it going that and then this person that we really trusted and she just got hired and she was going to be awesome. And I could finally just like relax a little bit
XT1710-02: In it, and it all went to hell and I somehow was expected to handle it all and I begged him to help me, at least, because he implemented this Valentine's Day weekend. So she started doing this on Tuesday he only came in on Thursday and by Thursday I was a basket case.
XT1710-02: She just continued evicting us with this like kind of a half friendly smile on her face and the rest of the girls just kind of stood there like kind of surprised by what was going on.
XT1710-02: But I
XT1710-02: He All I'm saying is he should have handled it just a little bit better. And then he blamed it all on money because somebody screwed him as well.
XT1710-02: And cost him a ton of money was his sister, which is typical because I can't stand his sister, which is why we, the two of us are really good friends, his sisters just an awful person.
XT1710-02: And then he told me what his sister did and I would have helped him i would i get i get it that he can come to an employee for alone.
XT1710-02: But if he would have just like swallow his pride and come to me as a friend and said hey Deanna I need to change the spot, a little bit.
XT1710-02: Can I have some money.
XT1710-02: I and then
XT1710-02: Nick, you could pay me back next year, but he just all of a sudden changed everything took a room away and dismantled everything that I built and was surprised that I wasn't beside myself.
Shawn Phalen: So,
I'm
XT1710-02: Are you financially okay I'm do you have, yes. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So I assume you're going to start looking for another job.
XT1710-02: Will up right now this will happen in the week of my also might my court date is this Wednesday in 48 hours so I haven't done anything really except
XT1710-02: Right, like a goodbye statement of very nice one.
XT1710-02: Bay. I have, I can. I'm not presented right now.
Shawn Phalen: What do you mean a goodbye statement.
XT1710-02: Like I just dropped the girls, you know, very sorry I couldn't help anymore and I did a very, I think I said it exactly how I felt. And it was no it was genuine, I said.
XT1710-02: I worked so hard. The girls at level like two of the girls, not the girl. We just hired, but two of the girls knew that for the last two years, I'd pretty much lived at the spa.
XT1710-02: I mean, I worked. I spend at least 11 hours. They're not to mention personal time there because I felt that it because I loved it so much, and I got it to be so perfect.
XT1710-02: That if I had an anxiety attack. I would go to work and I'd actually go to that room and chill out so that place was very special to me and you know I explained
XT1710-02: That I'm very sorry that I abandoned my didn't mean to. But also, I couldn't stay because I was so overwhelmed.
XT1710-02: It was never going to be not only was it never going to be my turn to focus on myself.
XT1710-02: But it was about. I knew for sure. And I actually told him, I said, I'm not even asking you for money to do this.
XT1710-02: Because I can't even put a number on this because I don't think I can do this. So it would have all crumbled. And I basically said, I was like, I'm so sorry if I let anybody down by like just disappearing like this, but I couldn't let anybody else even more down by
XT1710-02: Industry in the clients they love me so much. I couldn't have the clients see it start falling apart under my control. The thing is, my boss specifically said, and you're the coordinator, you have to make this work. But I just couldn't
XT1710-02: I don't know why he would think I could like he knew that I couldn't. And I was just asking for a little bit of help in just a little bit of thought on his part.
XT1710-02: But he was more upset by what his sister just did this so he has this business, but the business doesn't give them enough to live on.
XT1710-02: So he worked full time for his sister as headquarters coordinator for all of her because she's the franchise owner. The name owner
XT1710-02: And he is the franchisee underneath her with a bunch of different other franchisees and he used to oversee everybody. And I guess she fired him because she didn't meet his services anymore.
XT1710-02: So he started driving Uber, but he didn't tell me any of this, and if he would have. That's the thing. Like, I get that. He's my boss at work and not my friend, but he can't like flip flop like this back and forth, either. Tell me everything and ask for help. As a friend.
XT1710-02: And I'll help you. Like you were asking if I was financially stable. Yeah, I could buy this spot from him right now. And I know that he would appreciate it.
XT1710-02: But I can't work under his sister. The reason I was in a position that I was in was because I was really familiar with this company.
XT1710-02: I could I could run it half asleep, which I often did, and he was the perfect like non anxious boss, because I have too much anxiety. So he took a big chunk of not responsibility, but when like when
XT1710-02: He paid for a bunch of stuff. He made a bunch of decisions like cool clear headed and I dealt more with like every day, day to day like customer service. Right. And I did fantastic
XT1710-02: So, uh huh.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, you see you have your court date.
Yes. Okay, and talk to me about what's going to happen a court date.
XT1710-02: They're going to assess whether or not I made substantial progress and they would return my son to me.
XT1710-02: Or they would tell me what I should still do more of, or what I'm doing wrong because I still never had any kind of clarification.
XT1710-02: And then I would go from there.
Okay, are you ready for court.
XT1710-02: Yeah, if this spa was hanging over me know
XT1710-02: Let's why I said, I'm glad that he didn't even like call me or ask me back. I hope he does.
XT1710-02: But I hope that he takes whatever like he can take care of whatever he can, so it won't be so terrible to go back into this destruction.
XT1710-02: But as far as my cord goes you know at this point I'm just, I'm going to go in the best that I can. I'm not gonna talk. I have my I have my wonderful attorney who has no anxiety whatsoever and she'll handle whatever she can for me and the rest is in universe his hands.
Shawn Phalen: Word. Where's the, where's the court word you go to court.
XT1710-02: Are you familiar with San Diego. Yeah. So it's in downtown San Diego know it's in Vista. Okay, now this Florida.
XT1710-02: Okay north county court. Okay.
Are you nervous.
XT1710-02: A yeah I'm nervous because when they they start, they often insult me the other side and I get really upset right
Shawn Phalen: Now it's gonna be there or no.
XT1710-02: I don't think so. But I never know what this guy.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So you need to just get, you know, prepared for Wednesday, right. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Because that's it's important to you know that's important, you know,
XT1710-02: That's why, like I said, I'm not dealing with this job right now.
XT1710-02: And I did apply for unemployment, but I do realize that it's presidents day so I wasn't expecting a call until tomorrow at the earliest or not even a call an email confirmation. Right. And then I take like weeks to actually get interviewed. Right. Okay.
Um,
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so, yeah, you know, the goal is just to be as calm as you can possibly be. On Wednesday, and you're right you don't tell you just sit your attorney talk go in there just kind of have blinders on. You don't really listen to what the other side is saying.
You just go in
Hold your head high
And then you'll know what you need to do.
XT1710-02: Yeah.
Okay.
Um,
XT1710-02: Are you feeling depressed, no. Okay.
XT1710-02: I'm, I'm a little upset over something else that
XT1710-02: I have something else on my mind. So if I look a little upset, it's because I'm upset for somebody else.
XT1710-02: But they're, they're not pertinent to the situation. So one of my friends is just going through a lot of stuff I was with her today.
XT1710-02: So, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Well,
I know it's disappointing when you put your heart and soul into something that's hard.
But you know you're the type of person that can bounce back really fast.
XT1710-02: That's why I wanted to check out. I actually emailed after it happened, I emailed to solo salons and Phoenix salons. Do you know those know
XT1710-02: And there is salon suites for people to work separately. They just rent. Yeah.
XT1710-02: So one of them already answered me, but again, I didn't really expect it presidents day. So hopefully we'll talk tomorrow and maybe I'll tour one of the rooms. Sometimes there's date. I don't want to leave too far from where I am right. So I want to rent something right about here.
XT1710-02: Because I just I can't start. I can't put this much thought and effort into somebody else's business. Anyway, I agree. The thing is, I don't know what he was one. I don't know what he was thinking
XT1710-02: I'm not a well woman. I get it. I also had so many other things like I was a single mom, I live 35 minutes away but I gave him everything I had and I was always there.
XT1710-02: I took care of everything and somebody with my experience, I've 13 years experience and what I do.
XT1710-02: I could have had if I wasn't crazy, like if he feels that Dina was crazy. Dina lost her temper Dina Dina lost your mind. Yeah, but a sane person with of my caliber would not be working for $16 an hour for two years.
XT1710-02: There's a reason why I took this job and stayed with him. It was because it was just the right environment where I could handle everything and I worked for a friend. So the friend understood that I had some limitations.
XT1710-02: What what what he wanted. What more he wanted for for $16 an hour. I honestly don't understand, and I work, I would stay at work at least 1011 hours. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Well, it doesn't sound like it was performance based. It sounds like
XT1710-02: My name yeah tempers and situation, but it just what I can't imagine how he didn't know that I won't be able to handle this emotionally or physically
XT1710-02: And if he thinks that I'm way too temperamental which is basically what it said that I was screaming and all this other stuff. He was so nice to me, poor guy barely was able to fire me he was shaking and twitching. I had to get him water twice. While he was firing.
Yeah.
XT1710-02: So then we went outside I offered him a cigarette, because he was just really stressing and then
XT1710-02: He told me what his sister did exactly. And it was just like, and I kept saying, I was like, you know, I wouldn't have done that to you. If I were under position. I wouldn't have. But we all know who she is. You should have come to me.
XT1710-02: So then he helped me load up my car gave me a bunch of money which I can't cash the check because I know he needs more. So I'm going to have him keep it for another week or so before I cash it
XT1710-02: And I was on my way and then I did right that there's so many things that he could have just handled better and that I, you know,
XT1710-02: If like knowing me if he wanted more out of me. He needed to give me either time or help and he didn't give me either. Like he says that he gives me four days he gave me four days notice
XT1710-02: Which he did. That's true. But I guess I was starting to and that's not enough, by the way, because even right now. I'm not as upset about losing my job as just thinking of those ugly as black sheets on my beautiful spa bed that she just destroyed the room.
XT1710-02: I don't know, I just, I'm so upset about that room if he would have just helped like involved me somehow in this or if maybe I carry these things out. Or maybe I had some sort of input into what was happening just having I had no control over anything and I just fucked up well okay so
Shawn Phalen: If you can try and just put that
In the back your mind on the back burner and just start focusing on Wednesday. That's what I want you to try and do okay because you need
XT1710-02: Yeah, because you need to be 100% when you walk in an awkward. Oh yeah, no, that's not going to be a problem.
XT1710-02: I'm not, I'm not that I'm like I'm upset about it, but I'm not like
XT1710-02: I'm not, I'm not falling apart. I fell apart over the room that was for sure, but once the room was gone. It was almost better to be fired because it was just
XT1710-02: It's like I had to be fired. We have to break up basically in order to start again we have to break up. Yeah, right.
Yeah.
So, okay.
Um,
XT1710-02: So what I want to do is set another appointment, because I obviously want to know how cork goes okay
And I'm just continue to focus on Wednesday. Okay.
XT1710-02: You know, if it were a bigger place. You know how for bigger businesses they have like conflict resolution between boss and employee. Yeah, we were we were. We wanted the same things he and I, we really did. And we just
XT1710-02: Just didn't communicate. Great.
XT1710-02: Oh no, I'm upset. Okay, nevermind. Yes. Let's set another one. Okay, do you want to do.
Shawn Phalen: Can you do six o'clock on March 2 which is Monday.
XT1710-02: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Hang in there.
XT1710-02: I hope so. It will focus on Wednesday, and we will talk in a couple weeks. Okay, thank you so much, Sean. Have a good evening. Bye bye.
Rhonda: Oh, hi.
Shawn Phalen: Hey, who are you
Rhonda: Hi. Okay, I, I'm back in the room on my I always come back in my room, but there's no chairs. I always lay on the bed for privacy back here okay cuz I live in an apartment with my daughter. So, okay, cool.
How are you
Rhonda: I'm okay. I was feeling kind of lousy earlier physically, but I'm a little bit better now. So
Shawn Phalen: Like the flu or just tired.
Rhonda: Tired. But I'm not sure if I'm coming down. So I just felt real weak and like I'm fighting something off or something. I'm not sure what it is, actually, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: It's been going around.
Rhonda: I got some has some issues and health issues and stuff and I'm trying to figure out what's going on. So,
Rhonda: That being seen for different things. So, okay, tell me, tell me what you're being seen for tell me what brought you to break her
Rhonda: Well, I've had two knee replacements and the second one was in July. And then, um,
Rhonda: And it takes a while to recover from those and I still have some pain in it, but it's not terrible. And I haven't been on pain medicine for a while, accept this whatever this is. And
Rhonda: I'm still struggling with it because it does make me kind of sick, so I have to cut it down to really minute dose.
Rhonda: Minute and take so friend with someone asked the doctor, this week to switch it to the pills or, I don't know, someone said the pills or ease
Rhonda: I have no idea. It's the same medicine. It's just different form. I have the strips. Yeah.
Rhonda: And so it made me definitely ill for two days. The first time I took it. I took a whole strip, but I think I swallowed it. So I know how to do it right now, but I only want a little tiny bit. Just enough to relieve the pain.
Rhonda: And be able to get up and around and do exercise and do what I need to do so.
Shawn Phalen: So tell me, why did you come to break her it was it for pain management, was it
Rhonda: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm in. I'm in recovery and I've met a number recovering addict and I've had problems with that in the past, but I also have health issues that cause pain. So I'm in a catch 22
Rhonda: So I decided to try this because someone had told me she did and it worked for her and she wasn't like like taking drugs, every day, but she had she's had issues health issues and had pain. So she was
Rhonda: Struggling with that. So, but she said that it was pretty good. So
How long have you been with bright heard
Rhonda: About a month. Not very long.
Shawn Phalen: And are you doing the groups.
Rhonda: Yes. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: How do you like
Rhonda: The good. It's good. I like I like groups. I want to get on my laptop. So I have a larger screen and and all, but I'm on the phone. For now, so
Rhonda: Um, I do like it, the last time they did a yoga thing and it really relaxed. I was surprised. Yeah, how much it relaxes you. Yeah, I almost fell asleep. I was
Rhonda: So,
Shawn Phalen: You tell me. What were your past addiction issues or substance.
Rhonda: It was opiates opiates and it started with an injury and then
Rhonda: You know, a dated way back. I had 14 years in recovery and then I
Rhonda: Then I was working, you know, I'm, I'm a retired RN so i i was working and I injured myself.
Rhonda: And I had to, they wouldn't let me come back to work right away because my back was working with disabled children and the girl was got all excited and
Rhonda: I went to pick her up and she did something and I cracked my back. So I had to go in and they put me on medicine.
Rhonda: And I couldn't not work because a single I had separated and I was single parenting, whatever. And so I ended up getting caught up in that whole scene again.
Rhonda: And then
Rhonda: I was, you know, constantly struggling with trying to get off of it and then not being able to getting I was didn't want to be sick. You know what I mean.
Rhonda: Right. So then, someone said, oh, do you know try the methadone and and so I did that. And for me that was just another addiction. Yeah, the doctor ended up putting me on the maximum dose. And I was like, not doing well. So I started tapering myself down off of it.
Rhonda: And then I moved up to where I'm at now. And I just, I got off of it.
Rhonda: And then I had a few years and then I was working full time and stuff like that, going to school and then my niece started acting up
Rhonda: And
Rhonda: So I could hardly walk. I was in so much pain that I was in a walker and I'd lay on the couch and just mound. I mean, it was terrible.
Rhonda: It was the quality of my quality of life was just gone downhill. So you know I asked for knee replacement and you know they were they tried everything they did the whole thing, you know, the shots and Cortisone and
Rhonda: Everything like that. So then
Rhonda: I got. Then I asked for one, and they gave me a replacement so
Rhonda: I write about a month before my name replacement. It took me a while to get qualified you know to do it.
Rhonda: I had somebody pass away.
Rhonda: I'm sorry there's three people that passed away in the same month
Rhonda: Very close to me.
Rhonda: My kids his dad, dad, and my boyfriend. And then my girl, my friend, all week apart. And then I went in to get my surgery.
Rhonda: And my son who was living with this dad when he died and he put alcohol boys mean
Rhonda: I he has schizophrenia and
Rhonda: And he was very close to him and he he was very
Rhonda: Devastated by it.
Rhonda: And it was really difficult. And he had nowhere to go. And I couldn't. I let him stay with me for a couple weeks but I live in a place that he can't be and he stopped taking his medicine.
Rhonda: His shots and stuff for schizophrenia and he started getting spun out and I was in the hospital, get a knee replacement. It was just overwhelmingly crazy in my life. So I started abusing the medicine.
Rhonda: When I started using after the surgery. I was abusing it and even after that I was just so, so much turmoil.
Rhonda: Not going to meetings and not counseling or anything, and
Rhonda: I just started shoveling stuff in my mouth just to deal with it and I accidentally almost overdosed really yeah and that just snapped me right back out of it.
Rhonda: I mean, I mean, it was, it was like a month or two after their dad died. And I thought, Oh my God, I'm just thinking he did and leave my kids with nothing.
Rhonda: You know, and so I decided no I'm gonna so I started in meetings and going back in to the rooms, again, that was a couple years ago.
Rhonda: So since then, I've
Rhonda: Done. I got another. The second knee replacement. I did much better with that one. I mean, I was very much prepared took the medicine as prescribed and then got back on to leave and
Rhonda: Just the normal stuff that everybody everyone takes for pain. And so then, but I still have pain.
Rhonda: There and then my neck started acting up. And so I'm in there, looking at my neck and my hands are getting numb on one side and so I asked my doctor what's going on with my neck know what's going on with my neck. Now, because the, the, the disease. They said, I have a co
Rhonda: disc disease or asked to process or whatever I lose my joint space and it gets bone on bone this what happens. Yeah.
Rhonda: So now it's the neck issue, and it's not really painful in my neck. I, I can't. I have to be careful how I turn it, it's just I have this numbness in my
Rhonda: Down my arm and my hands that it's driving me bananas. So it's not painful in my my neck. It's just my knees and stuff in certain positions and I try to, you know, exercise it and stretch it and stuff like that. So I just decided to start this because I want pain relief without like being
Rhonda: You know, taken Vika done or anything like that. I just don't want to do it anymore like dumb stuff so
Shawn Phalen: How long ago did this happen, not like a year, a
Rhonda: Couple years ago. Okay.
Rhonda: Yeah and that
Rhonda: I have a couple other older boys that
Rhonda: To that are down south, and they also have our recovery and they have schizophrenia, too. So, and I just found out one of them's in San Quentin some a little
Rhonda: Upset about that. So there's just issues, you know, but
Rhonda: That was a couple years ago that the all those deaths.
Rhonda: And I'm scared that they're going to die on me. My kids are going to die on me. I'm just afraid.
Rhonda: Anymore.
Rhonda: Yeah, death, you know,
Shawn Phalen: How many kids do you have
For
Rhonda: And you live with your daughter. Yeah, yeah, she's, she's a sweetheart, she's never been in in any addiction, she's the only one that's never been, you know, addicted to anything. And she's very adamant about not
Rhonda: Doing that and not being like that she's trying to get her own life together and stuff. So do both.
Shawn Phalen: How many. So two of your sense of schizophrenia.
Rhonda: Actually I three all three. The youngest one lives in this town with me, but not in my with me. He lives down the street and he's actually taking his medication now and he's very stable. He lives on his own.
Rhonda: And he's doing much better, but he developed some drinking issues when his dad died, but he's tapered off now and he's more stable.
Rhonda: So,
Rhonda: Um, I don't know why they all have it. And I don't know whether it was the two young oldest ones. It was from drugs or
Rhonda: I don't know how that disease works. I do know that I used to work and and mental health facility bring meetings in for people like that that we're in.
Rhonda: Yeah, and I used to bring a meeting and because I have a heart for them because of the fact that
Rhonda: You know, my brother had it. He's really good. He's doing very well today, he, he doesn't eat take any drugs or alcohol and he takes his medicine. He's very responsible has a car, a good life basically the poster child mental health and he
Rhonda: So he was at the same hospital. So I started like volunteering there. Then they wanted me to be on their board because they knew what I had dealt with and stuff and
Rhonda: That I was in recovery and you know all this stuff. But I didn't get involved with the board because I was working full time at Kaiser and I was also raising my daughter was little then
Rhonda: And I didn't want to be overwhelmed with responsibility. So I just kind of brought meetings once or twice a month.
Rhonda: And I would get duly diagnose people to come in and share the meetings and stuff and share with them.
Rhonda: So are you
Shawn Phalen: So you're retired right
Yeah.
Rhonda: I'm on disability because of my nice. Okay.
Okay. And, um, any legal issues from your past anything.
Rhonda: Yeah. I then when I was had relapsed that one time from when I had hurt myself at work.
Rhonda: I was separated from my husband at the time and
Rhonda: There was issues there. And so
Rhonda: I got what happened was my doctor, I had my doctor, I was extremely upset about my kids. And so I went in to see him and I was crying and stuff and he gave me some antidepressants and anxiety medicine.
Rhonda: And then I started that methadone thing and I mixed
Rhonda: The two. And you know what I realized that that put me out to lunch. I mean, out to lunch and I was confused and so they brought me in and they put me in
Rhonda: Jail. Actually, I got put in jail. I didn't. I don't even remember it. It was a big blur, really. And then the next day they released me from jail saying that I had a fever and blood pressure up and the 200
Rhonda: Over something hundred something and I had a fever 100 or so they released me onto the street after that. But I was also had been
Rhonda: All that medicine so
Rhonda: Yeah, so I had that problem. Yeah, okay.
That sounds like it's been resolved.
Rhonda: Oh, yeah.
Rhonda: Oh that's yeah I'm not that was already taken care of. I went to meetings and did my court and all that stuff. Okay, cool.
Shawn Phalen: And then what about any legal issues now.
No.
Rhonda: No, I don't.
Shawn Phalen: Have you ever had there be in the past.
Rhonda: Yes. Okay. Was it helpful. Yes. Okay. And how long ago was that
Rhonda: Last year,
Rhonda: Um,
Rhonda: I was going to mental health here because I'm I was having anxiety issues again. But I didn't want to take medicine.
Rhonda: And I wasn't sleeping right and I started feeling not right. So I went into mental health and asked them if they could
Rhonda: And I want I was having pain and the other knee didn't want to take the drugs so they gave me something called Gabba Penton yeah and then they gave me something to help me sleep. That's not addictive.
Rhonda: And I saw somebody there. Very briefly, but that didn't work out. And then before that I saw somebody in town here for like couple years, and she's the one that got me into the meetings here and she helped me quite a bit and but she's not around anymore, so I'm
Rhonda: Good.
Shawn Phalen: Are you experiencing any depression.
Rhonda: I'm not really depressed. I just feel like
Rhonda: I'm sad sometimes because of well like today, when I when my son. When I found out that he's locked up again in that horrible place. It just, you know, when a true child's days adult but still my kid and I, it makes me upset because
Rhonda: You know i mean stuff. There's circumstantial stuff that cause stress and problems, but then to deal with all that stuff. I used to go running
Rhonda: I used to run like a couple miles a day.
Rhonda: And I can't do it anymore with my niece and that was always my biggest strongest coping tools exercise meetings writing
Rhonda: All that stuff therapy to get myself together, you know,
Shawn Phalen: You knew why your son got locked up.
Rhonda: I'm trying to find out. I don't know why he got locked up there. He's not like
Rhonda: I think that he was in trouble with the law. He stole something and then he got in jail. And then he ended up violating his probation over and over again. And then they sent him.
Rhonda: To prison, and he got out pretty quickly after that and then was on the street and ended up in trouble again so
Rhonda: I know I saw him last year when I went to the NA convention in Sacramento with my sponsor and so I saw all my friends down there and I went there. I saw him.
Rhonda: Man, I saw my other set of two and I don't know why he's locked up. I gotta find out he must have violated his parole somehow
Rhonda: I don't know, you don't really have contact with him. Well, I wrote to him. He gave me. He wrote me a letter and I wrote to him back. Today I send it out and I put money on my phone so that he could call me and talk to me.
Rhonda: And I'm going to find out from his parole officer tomorrow, what exactly because last week when I called they they wouldn't tell me
Rhonda: But I think they need to tell me because he's my son. I mean, they usually do. I don't know. I think it was a on call worker or something and he couldn't tell me
Rhonda: Tell you, so I'll find out i mean it's it's his responsibility, but it's not like I I don't live near him, but at the same time, it's still, it bothers me still. I can't help but let it bother me. I want him to be happy. I want to be successful, he's so smart, intelligent
Rhonda: And he developed, you know, addiction at a very, very young age. So I just he's 40 okay
Rhonda: He's he has two kids and he's 49. Where does he live
Rhonda: Um, he was in Sacramento.
Rhonda: I'm from Roseville Sacramento area.
Rhonda: But I'm up here, North now in the mountains Crescent City. Yeah, so
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: Do you want to start doing some therapy.
Rhonda: Just not sure none of interest to them. Well, yeah, I mean, I think I do need it because
Rhonda: I just seem to have a struggle. I have a sponsor, but I've gotten out of touch with her since I had that surgery, I need to hook back up with her again and I'm in the middle of working the steps over again.
Rhonda: Of na and I also go to Celebrate Recovery and I go to church and stuff like that. But I need to
Rhonda: Yeah, I think it would be helpful.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so I want you to do meetings and I want you to try and reconnect with your sponsor. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. And then what days are you groups.
Rhonda: Thursday. Okay.
So can you do Wednesday, March.
Shawn Phalen: Wednesday, March for at five o'clock.
Rhonda: With you.
Rhonda: Yeah.
Rhonda: Mark
Rhonda: Clock.
Rhonda: Okay, yes.
Rhonda: Okay, great. Do okay it's a complex situation with me. There's a lot of issues. And it's hard to deal with. But my recovery has always when I'm really plugged in.
Rhonda: I do better. But when I was exercising, too, and I don't get to exercise as much now and my car is just brought into the shop today so I can get back out and drive around it was being fixed because it's been out for a couple months so
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Sounds good. So we'll start addressing some of your complex issues when we meet
Rhonda: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right. Nice meeting you.
Rhonda: Yeah, you too is that it
Shawn Phalen: That's it, unless you have any question.
Rhonda: No. No. Are you so are you.
Rhonda: Are you a licensed therapist social worker. What are you
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist.
Rhonda: Okay, okay. Yeah. So yeah. Okay, that sounds good. Okay. I didn't need to break down in tears. It's just that I didn't realize
Rhonda: Whenever I start talking about that one that month. I mean, it was the most difficult time, I think, besides when my sister died of cancer. It was the most difficult time of my life. So, okay, no worries. All right. Thank you.
Shawn Phalen: Thank you soon.
Okay, bye.